well Luigi the day has finally come
yeah time to get the results of our
plumbing recertification Mario hey you
brothers I heard welcome say y'all
journies stole samples get those fear of
the test I found crisis a silo siren
washrooms : we can't live like this
Luigi we digging through dumpsters for
food we need new jobs Oh Mario you sure
catering was a good idea Luigi we're
Italian food is practically in our blood
taste it come out of here you see these
ravioli
you guys got any key man I can't believe
Mouse is dead
we can't quit here Luigi we need to get
new jobs
it's hopeless Mario
we're bums we can't keep a job I got
good news Luigi there was a
discrimination suit but all testing was
invalidated because of racism against
toads
so you mean that's right with plumbers
again Luigi you sure you got this we
can't hold on much longer I got it Mario
I'm gonna use these utensils I
conveniently had in my pocket to stop
the machine